---
layout: post
title: "Global Health or How not to do communications"
categories: health
excerpt_separator: <!--more-->
---
There are a bunch of papers arguing over the definition of "global health" such as Koplan et al. and Beaglehole et al. But must there be one definition? Or perhaps the better question is what isn’t related to global health? The ambiguousness of Global Health is perhaps its greatest strength. Global health should be seen as a fertile medium for discourse vital to maintaining the diversity of subjects and practitioners inhabiting the space. This elusiveness allows for the leeway to take in useful contributions as needed, letting it compete against the “antibiotic resistance” of language. If we subject the term to continuous debates and reimaginings, would we not find the outcome to be inherently imperative, a call to action? The current global health discourse is pregnant with an entire spectrum of human experiences and research subjects. Our goal is to present health challenges as a continuum of interdisciplinary complements. If the problems of global health are to be approached holistically, why should we not also approach its discourse in the same way?

An active term allows us to approach challenges strategically. In reframing an issue like disaster preparation, insights arise from the manipulation of scope. Seeing disasters as human-centered events, in terms of human culpability, places the onus on every stakeholder. If we can properly plan and act, then we can prevent the disaster. If we take this as our paradigm, we will find that global health challenges are firmly within our grasp. Disasters can be prevented. Global food security is achievable. The eradication of infectious diseases is possible. Despite the broadness of our subject matter, we can still operate with confidence, immediacy, and urgency.

Properly defining the context is a precondition of any model. Global health requires a more equitable and inclusive international community. It is inconceivable that we could accomplish whatever standards of global health without the consensus of its individual parts. Global health should assert itself in the face of competing agendas. Our definitions must not be compromised. This will understandably require a redrawing of current definitions to take into account of how health interacts within the realm of international relations. It remains an unsettling fact that many countries today are more likely to respond to the criticisms of their international peers than the cries of their citizens. Global health must be able to act without fear of criticism. how we should organize our guiding for regulating and reconciling the apparent contradictions between countries and within the strata of a particular society. And where there are organizational disconnects, we should seek to rebuild governmental and public connections.

At the same time, practitioners have been weak to the game. This is an apparent contradiction. Today, communication barriers and misinformation are pervasive. See the anti-vaccine movement. Cultural sensitivity is a pillar of global health. But is there a limit? 
